Clarify eck pdb documentation surrounding enterprise feature. (#4062)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/pod-disruption-budget.md

Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted regardless of license type.

:::{note}

> Multiple `nodeSets` that share the same type (ex: master) will be combined into a single Pod Disruption Budget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `nodeSets` that share the same role, such as `master` or `ml`, are combined into a single Pod Disruption Budget for each role.
```
